[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Why is this a
picture language?
Why is it all, in a
way, just painted space?
It really is trying to say,
I want you to walk the mind.
Do you know?
And this is when we see
ancient sites, the labyrinth,
it was to say, this
isn't for you personally.
It's for you humanly.
Because this is your
deeper patterned nature.
That's why what is astounding
in terms of the patterned nature
here is this painting of mine,
which I created as a card--
we can see this-- as
a card for my book--
I'll pull this up--
on the Tarot.
We look up and
see Phoenix arise.
And I completed this in
1997 after about four years,
and was very happy with it.
Had no idea it had
any other properties,
but it's going to
help us understand,
really the mathematical,
symbolical structure
of the nature of our story.
And like life, I don't think
one could ever figure out this.
This is the outcome.
You'd say from going
like this to this,
from the bud to the blossom, is
incomprehensible for the bud.
But this is what happened.
We begin with this
question of, who am I?
But to do this, we're
going to journey,
do you see, through the
time of the ancestors.
We're going to slow
down the question of,
what does it mean to be human?
And we're going to ask it
in all of its traditions,
because we are going
to blossom finally
through the mother, a unique
womb, a unique identity.
That's why this is
painted on linoleum,
meaning through the ordinary.
But the fascinating
thing is, well, this
is a nine-inch grid pattern
the tile are created by.
So we have a perfect
mathematical matrix supporting
this journey of the phoenix.
This will show us
these blossoms.
But we will also begin to
journey on this bridge,
do you see,
reconnecting us back.
And as we'll look
here, do you see Gaia?
She is quite beautiful.
>> Oh, wow.
>> But you think of, again, this
willingness to be born to Gaia,
to be children of the Earth
that came from the stars,
to finally be home as human,
no longer seeking to leave
or return, but to finally,
do you see, be here.
And that's when we'll
look down onto the floor.
And we'll see even
how this story begins
to show us this double womb of
the eye of Ra and of the child,
the mother and child.
Because we think of this
as the maternal womb
and the eternal womb.
Again, the knowledge
of the eternal,
the heron, the
mother, the unique.
And all of this is trying to--
I'm convinced-- bring us
back into the picture.
Like if you come here
and put your hand here,
you start to see this story
of the human hand, not just
your hand.
You see the story of the
gift of life, the apple,
and of the serpent,
and of the chalice,
and actually who
visited as well.
Oh, yeah.
Do you see it?
Yeah.
They're going to say we
bring all of these stories
together, all of
them, so that when
you put your human
hand here, note that it
is the gift of all humanity.
It's not personal.
It's that quality.
And look what happens.
As we raise this, we
raise up through her.
Into the phoenix arise.
And we see that we are
born of all of this,
and that's the gift
of the phoenix.
>> So with this series that
was my investigation into these
different races, and trying to
interview all these different
people having these experiences
was to pick as many of these
flavors, these different
races, get them on camera,
ask the questions.
I try to be neutral
in my presentation.
>> That's wise.
Yeah.
I think that's the
archetypal underpinning.
Right?
You never know how someone's
filtering what you're saying.
>> Exactly.
So of course, this whole entire
series is through my lens,
through my experiences
and my exploration
into this wacky world of ETs.
>> Right.
Right.
>> Which has led me here now.
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Lighten up.
It's not enlightenment.
It's lighten up.
>> And personally, I'm noticing
I resonate with this zeta
serious--
the Pleiadian message
as well, but I'm
finding my personal connection
to what I resonate with,
I love logic, I
love science, and I
love to analyze
in this masculine,
sort of let's categorize
it, and put it into this,
and make it as
simple as possible,
and get straight to the point.
And emotions are great, but
let's get to the juice here.
>> Yeah.
>> That's my personal
direction and path.
But I'm also finding
now, well, wait a minute.
There's a whole
other audience here
that really loves the softer
stuff, the not so refined, not
so direct--
I don't want to offend any of
my audience, but the airy fairy.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And so with that said, I
guess where I'm trying to go
is, you seem to have this
vast knowledge of all these
different archetypes.
Is there a personal preference
or a personal leaning
towards a specific teaching,
or a specific idea,
a specific archetype?
Which archetypes in the deck?
>> What is intriguing was that,
not expecting to do the Tarot--
and as I said, it became
a 17-year journey, saga,
and it mentored me-- was I
encountered archetypes that
actually said, what
are you doing here?
Essentially that they
were very surprised
that I had knocked on that door.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And I rather feel that that's
what a lot of this was about,
the unexpected
knocking on the door,
meaning the question
not asked finally asked,
and then the quality saying,
now we can come forward.
This is one of the
things that I realized
the initiating of the agreement
was, ah, you're curious.
Let us have a relationship.
Let's take a walk together.
Do you know what I mean?
If you think more of
developing a character,
an embodiment rather, to
actually feel how this feels,
not to have it an optical like
an audience looking at a film.
That's why I think
a lot of this work
is so essential, because
it is about embodiment.
It's not about looking at
the optics, and discussing.
It's understanding that
these registers exist
in us simultaneously in
the same way the bass notes
and the treble notes
on the piano exist.
That's what the
archetypes are teaching.
And I think the more
we can make overlays
the more we can see,
because esotericism,
occultism is all based in
the laws of correspondence
and analogy.
>> Mhm.
>> And so you think about
everything as how are we doing
what we're doing?
We're finding analogy.
We're finding context.
And that allows
these other qualities
to reconstitute themselves.
In a way we've been
studying notes.
And the notes are
saying, but we're music.
And I think many
of us are starting
to understand that people
prefer different musical styles,
in a way.
Some of them will
be rock and roll.
Some of it will be classical.
And maybe that's what
these other consciousness,
this other quality wants,
to finally free us.
That in a sense it's not.
I mean, I think that's the
humor of why I inadvertently
created a painting
called "Mothership
Revelations in Pink," as
if to say that we've always
been in the black
and white of things.
It's always what
side are you on?
I'm the hero and
you're the villain.
But that sense of, no,
we're rising into a time
where you can't be angry.
We're moving back
into a place where we
are residing with one another.
And I think this is about
star knowledge as well.
If you use one system
against another,
you miss the point
of all of them.
>> Right.
>> Right?
Think of them as elders that
show up and say, listen,
I gave you my books.
They gave you their books.
What a generous gift.
Cause we couldn't, in a way,
escape, like the clones,
our own context.
So we all came
together to create
a vehicle that finally could
include us, but be free of us
to find itself.
Now, that is a great gift.
Right?
>> Yeah.
>> But it's a great
responsibility,
because it becomes a
parent really with a child,
and the child growing
up and saying--
and the parent having backed
off a long time ago going,
the course of having no
course has been, in a way,
this journey to finally lead you
to this moment that does teach
you that a flower doesn't
destroy its infrastructure when
it's blossoming.
In a sense, a birth
is a very aggressive,
a very difficult thing,
a very messy thing.
>> Can be.
Yeah.
>> And I feel like that's
what this is trying to say,
that birth is also
involved with--
that we don't leave the
womb because we want to.
It becomes toxic.
So in a sense, we're
expelled from one condition.
But in the birth,
we take a breath
and realize, oh, I can't return.
But I will set in motion.
And that's why I
think a lot of this
is about a seed time,
of finally bringing
that force back into
the center of oneself,
to not convince those
who aren't interested,
but to refocus the
power of those that are.
And that's why I think
that with your audience,
it's not to say who's
right or who has the best.
It's more a storyteller
saying, listen,
the mystery is a love affair.
So it's who's going to tell
it in a way for that group
makes them go, oh, that makes
me feel a sense of wonder.
>> Right.
>> Do you know?
And it frees them to breathe.
And then others go, but
I need the gravitas.
Oh, that scares the
begeebers out of me.
It's almost like we're taking
on like actors in a play
these different qualities of
a greater consciousness that
says, honor that each of you
are holding a different part
of these star qualities.
And it's not one
against the other,
but going back to our
roots, which was the greater
generosity of all of them.
>> So going with that, so this
was during this journey when I
was exploring these races.
One of my difficult times was
to explore this reptilian race.
We had this projection that
the reptilians, the Draconians
are evil, and they're going to--
>> We like to say decisive.
>> Yes.
[LAUGHING]
Suck your blood,
and they're going
to take over and all this stuff.
>> And one like reaches
up and goes, ooh.
>> Yeah.
So my exploration into that,
I had some personal growth
I had to go through to sort
of get rid of that projection.
Not get rid of it.
Transmute that projection into
knowing that these dark forces
have the purpose.
You know?
The evil character
has the purpose.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And they acknowledged these
higher level versions of these
that are coming through
people and channeling,
and having that conversation.
They're very firm, and
they're very warrior like.
But there's a respect level.
And this is moving into our next
phase of what is the reptilian?
What is the alpha Draconian?
What is this idea
of consciousness
that those beings?
And this sort of ties into
the serpent a little bit,
the dragon, and these things.
But if you're afraid, they're
going to come after you.
But if you are in inquisitive,
or you treat them with respect
and understand that their
purpose is for our evolution,
then they can look
back at you and say,
yeah, you're opening that door.
It's sort of like what you
were doing with this Tarot
and knocking on those
doors, that maybe--
>> Yeah.
You're paying attention.
>> You're honoring.
>> So when you were knocking
on those Tarot doors,
how was that?
How did they treat you
when you started inquiring?
>> They were extraordinary
journeys, all of them.
And I really would
come full circle
back to when I finished it that
the devil archetype came to me.
>> Yeah.
>> And the devil is the
master of manifest reality,
and also the tempter
and the redeemer.
So it's about Saturn,
about structure.
And we had an inner conversation
that on the 17 year journey
that I'd been on, that
all of the doors I opened
flowed through me.
They flowed through
my pen, through my--
it was sketch upon
sketch, trying
to find that right moment where
the two things came together,
and it became self revealing.
And, of course, that
was a lot of hard work,
like finding a character.
Right?
Or finding the soul of a song.
And I really think
that a lot of this
is this journey that
finally brings us back
into a condition where we
can look and see ourselves
as both separate qualities, and
yet a unifying wheel or whole.
And I'm trying to think of how
that really helps us understand
also the relationship
of why the families,
the universal families are our
interpretation of these greater
forces.
And you went back to Ireland,
the Celtic, all these.
Is that once we understand
the rich tapestry
of the human imagination,
trying to always translate
these qualities into that which
makes sense or has relevance
to us.
>> Right.
>> And so much of
our star knowledge,
in a way Einstein said that man
sees himself in relationship
to how he views himself
in terms of the stars.
Right?
>> Mhm.
>> So you start seeing
all of these qualities,
going back to Whitley
Strieber's "Communion"
and his book
"Supernatural" recently,
this story that we're always
trying to find how do you make
sense of that which doesn't
have a rational place,
and yet is the very stimulation
that informs the life?
Do you know?
And to me, this is the
invisible presence,
that the archetypes
are trying to say
that once you see that there
is a structure you can trust,
that you can
navigate the ordeal,
you'll start to no longer
need these things to be true.
They'll be more
important than that.
They'll be what you finally
reabsorb into your own story
that for a long time might have
been, I want this to be true,
to finally dissolve
into you to say,
oh, I'm the one that
allows this to be true.
>> Right.
Which those Draconian forces
as the reptilian forces,
I feel that was my
biggest lesson was that--
so I had an Ayahuasca
journey, where
I was having these visions.
And then all of a sudden this
really nasty, dripping mouth
dragon with the fangs, and the--
>> One of the guardians.
>> Right.
"The Lord of the
Rings" type situation.
Right?
And it's, rawr.
And it's breathing.
And when it first appeared,
I had this, oh, my god.
Why is this dragon here?
And it's really angry at me.
And what's going on?
And then it got
closer and closer.
And then I sort of shifted
my perspective of it.
And I started looking at the
detail in the mouth, in the jaw
line, and all of these
little intricate details.
And then I said,
wow, that's cool.
>> Yeah.
>> And as soon as I said
that, it turned into a cartoon
character.
It turned into Shrek.
>> Absolutely.
Yeah.
[LAUGHING]
It's a guardian at the
threshold, absolutely.
>> And the message I got was,
it's just your perspective
of this fear, that
it's going to get you.
And all you have to do is
think of it as being cool.
And now, all of a
sudden, it's your ally.
It's a cartoon character that
in your journey, in your dream,
that you're projecting the fear
onto this, when in reality it's
there to help you grow.
>> Well, that's very interesting
because of the serpent.
And this is a
reoccurring motif here.
The relationship in
this story is that--
William Blake said it best.
He called it
reptiles of the mind,
creating reptiles of the
mind about what fear does.
>> Right.
>> And on one way you look
at it and you see a mother
and a child within a chalice.
And then the other way, you
see the head of a serpent.
And one way you say this
is trusting our energies,
and this is fearing
our energies.
So the reptilian
becomes, in a way,
the teacher of
the instantaneous.
We're going to be
in this condition.
Right?
Of the question of thought,
which does separate,
creates fear and then love, the
condition that binds, right?
But we're not either
one or the other.
That's this two wings
of the butterfly,
that we need to create a
system that understands
the pulse of perception
so we're not siding
with one thing or another.
And I think that's an important
key about where we're at.
>> Right.
Yeah.
That's I think one of
the bigger teachings
especially facing
the planet right now.
We have this these polarities
that we're dealing with,
and sort of going into--
>> And that's the limbic.
Right?
>> Right.
>> And the story here is that,
with Sofia, the reptilian,
the limbic is one.
So energy, force, and beauty,
or manifestation are together.
But when the serpent
is separated-- now,
think of the serpent as
even the umbilical cord,
that as we are separated, we
go into a fight or flight.
We begin the
development of what we
think of as the reptilian mind.
>> Mhm.
>> But also think
of this not as, oh,
it's just a reptilian mind.
No.
It is this deeper, fundamental,
black and white knowledge
that leads to survival.
And I do feel like
that's why many
of these different
qualities are trying
to say that when you
put it like your brain
together that were
different functions,
then we can work one to another.
Now, think of how quickly
your instincts react.
Right?
How when there's
a time of danger,
that something else takes over.
>> Right.
>> And to me this is where
the star systems say, look,
this is actually not you.
These are components of these
qualities that you see now.
And what you said is very true.
It's like the watchers.
Because this goes back
to the "Book of Enoch."
We are both malevolent
and benevolent,
meaning whatever you
feed us with becomes
the story of who you are.
If your story is of
disrespect, the waters
will begin to drown you, because
you've not built something
that honors the living waters.
This is not personal.
This is a human story
told over and over again.
>> Right.
>> And I do feel
like that's why.
We're seeing universal patterns,
mythic structure being really
revealed in where we are now.
>> And recognizing those
patterns can really help us
in our evolution.
And that's why we're
having this conversation.
>> Yeah.
>> Because of this
transformation.
Just my personal growth from
recognizing these energies,
I feel so much empowerment
in the sense of not being
above anything else,
but just centered,
and able to navigate
this reality,
and see things for
what they are, as
opposed to knee jerk reaction.
>> Yes.
>> Being afraid.
>> And you change
the permission field.
You literally change, on a
quantum level, the outcome.
Because you've invested
in a probability,
not in a certainty.
>> Right.
>> This is very important,
because this is where we start
to see the tools
that do help us.
Right?
You're open to,
you're adding to.
You're not in a subtraction.
>> Right.
Right.
>> You're dealing
in an inclusion.
>> Yes.
>> That allows for these
greater probabilities to just be
of assistance.
>> Exactly.
>> So I think your journey of
the more you started to include
these other conversations, the
more they were able to grow you
into a more, in a way,
multiverse being that could
stand at the center of
the cardinal directions.
>> Right.
>> And say really, I need
north and south, east and west.
I'm the center of the compass.
>> Right.
>> So if I like going
east better than west,
that's just me.
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
And north and south,
it still exists.
>> Yeah.
>> I just don't have to go
there if I don't want to.
>> Exactly.
>> And one of the
great realizations is
because I've shifted my belief
systems to allow a Mayan belief
system, to allow this
cosmic belief system,
to allow even the
idea of voodoo magic,
which a lot of people say, I
don't believe in that stuff.
That's negative
thinking, and that's--
but I'm like, it's
so exciting, though.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> You don't have to go there.
>> You don't have to listen
to the channel, but whoa.
Honor it.
>> Honor it as a truth,
as someone else's truth.
And Bashar says
this all the time.
All the truths are true.
And I use that in my
daily affirmations.
All the truths are true.
And honoring every
truth that exists.
>> Absolutely.
>> And when you can do
that, your tapestry,
your canvas of what is
possible in your experiential,
day to day life just broadens.
>> Absolutely.
>> And that's where I think
the magic starts to happen.
And I think a lot of
us have lost the magic,
because we've shut ourselves
off to these realities.
We've listened to the news.
We've listened to the
indoctrinations in our schools.
And we've shut ourselves
down to only believe
in one specific religious
belief system or whatever it is.
>> But also if you think,
though, of what you're doing,
and others are doing, which is
gathering around those things
that inspire, really,
understanding like with rock
and roll, it didn't
come from the outside.
It was musicians
going, I like this.
And you like this.
Let's play, man.
Let's get rid of the
conceit that we're
supposed to come from on high.
Nobody needs our wisdom.
>> Right.
Right.
>> Do you know?
In a sense, it needs
our sense of enthusiasm.
>> Yeah.
>> So how can we do that?
>> Right.
Right.
>> Because I think enthusiasm
frees people to, a sense,
be less concerned about
the things that makes them
so anxious, which is, what do
people think of me if I let
myself out, if I'm vulnerable?
My joke is, if you think
of that we live in a liver,
what does it do?
It detoxifies.
So maybe we're the livers.
We live these things.
We detoxify them by
not dismissing them.
Right?
[LAUGHS]
>> We're the livers.
>> But not separating
from the system.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> But saying, maybe
it wasn't too--
maybe for a long time we
always would see the toxicity,
and not realize what
it was actually doing,
which was saying, since
you cannot solve this,
where are you then?
And I think that's why
even if you go back
about 30 or 40 years, it
started with individuation.
Who am I in my soul, my journey?
And much more since
the 9/11, there's
been much more of a
having to find community.
And I have found,
like you and I,
I don't think that-- like what
I feel is I don't have anything
to teach, in the sense
that I don't feel
people don't know these things.
It's more like a director with
actors going, wait a minute.
All we're asking
is, can we begin,
at least amongst ourselves,
to give ourselves permission?
>> Mhm.
>> To allow these
things to be relevant,
not because they're
either true or not,
and since Mozart isn't
true and isn't false.
It's more interesting than that.
It's Mozart.
And I kind of feel, if you
think about these qualities
of consciousness, right, they're
more interesting than which
is which.
It's like they're the music
of the soul made manifest
in a sense in the imagination.
So we dream outward
into the stars.
But we don't stay outward.
We start to bring and integrate
those back into ourselves.
And I do believe that that's
why this period has been about.
The fires burning to
the coast, the anger,
the uncontrolled ire
and anger of humankind,
one against the other,
forgetting that what we love
is more important
than what we hate,
but this anger of the ages.
Right?
Running away, being
always I need more.
It's not me.
I need that.
And this truth now
that, as trees,
we're standing our ground.
We're saying, if we
stand in our roots,
but begin to honor that we
have roots in the stars,
and then great
roots in the Earth,
meaning all of our ancestors
that were willing to live
this question, that honor the
fact that to finally stand
in a way, as Nassim
Haraman the physicist says,
as the event horizon.
Right?
>> Right.
>> Your bellybutton
going, ah, you see now.
Your legs, your
black and white world
keeps you in Kansas, Dorothy.
Because your love doesn't
want to leave Auntie Em.
But your imagination
does want to go to Oz,
but it doesn't want
to get stuck there.
>> Right.
>> You see, it wants to
recycle from the library not
the stories that sweep us
into madness, but, in a way,
in our greater divine madness.
We're free to realize
that we don't get out
of the struggles,
that we literally
do make and create
from the struggle
a story we find
worthy of one another.
And that's why I
think that this is
when the star systems show up.
They say, we don't show up
because you're entitled to us.
You're not smart
enough for that.
You're not that interesting.
We show up because you've
created worthy residents,
like a garden.
You've stopped saying, I
need you to be this for me.
And you start asking, well,
maybe what can I be to you?
>> Right.
And during my meditations
and journeys I've come sort
of to the conclusion-- and
this is sort of the flavor
of the moment--
that our purpose here--
we always hear our purpose
here is to experience.
But take it to the next level.
Our purpose in this
reality is to integrate,
to integrate the
experiences of all,
the collective experiences.
>> Yes.
Yeah.
>> And to integrate
all the archetypes.
To integrate them
into the story.
>> To bring them home.
>> And to bring them home, and
to tell that story in a way
that doesn't leave
one of them out.
>> Absolutely.
And that is why,
here, the return
of the knowledge of
the mother, of mater,
matyr, mother, of
Sofia, phyllo Sofia,
the love of all of her stories,
all of her books, her weave.
And she says, I am the
knowledge of your atoms.
There are no evil atoms.
If you don't like your
stories, tell better stories.
I love all of my atoms.
I love all of my books.
And you might reject this
book and hate that thread,
but it is all part of
the greater weave of love
and struggle that
will reveal finally
to you that you are not the
outcome of having avoided
any of this.
Do you see?
The same thing with
the star system.
Right?
>> Yep.
Yep.
>> You've actually honored
and integrated the reptilian,
the mammalian, the hominid.
You've integrated the
invisible and the visible,
finally to offload with that
which is invisible in a way
that you can
creatively reconnect
with the last question,
which is, how do I live this?
How do I not use myth as an
escape from the disaster I look
and see around me?
But do what you're
talking about.
Reintegrate.
Begin to re-assimilate.
And go back to what the
alchemists called themselves,
celestial gardeners,
and that we didn't write
to impress the inquisition.
It was not a good thing to do.
But to one another, to say
that we're, in a sense,
all miners in a great
vein, a motherload.
So you're going to find
things I can't find.
I'm going to find
things you can't find.
>> Right.
>> But the greater alchemy
will be the sharing.
And that's why I feel that if
you think of this as an arc,
meaning that the final arc is
not about movement and water,
but about fire, about what
do we do with this energy--
and history and the books all
say, there are always wars.
There is always conflict.
There's always hatred and greed.
These are archetypal.
>> Mhm.
>> But you don't need to be
identified with them anymore
than a sea captain says, that
sea squall is against me.
It's like, no.
It has nothing to do
with you personally.
These are qualities
that surround you,
that begin to say, what do
I need to identify with?
And how do I bring myself
back on board into my vessel?
I've been reacting to
everything in the water.
And I feel that
this is also where
we're going to have
direct communion
with these other qualities
of consciousness.
They'll say that when you bring
yourself back whole and holy,
holographically, you're able
to hold a communion that
doesn't draw you away or
confuse you even more,
but finally realizes and brings
to heart, quite literally--
do you see that Nexus
point, that event horizon--
that which finally,
in human terms,
holds the greater theater
of human existence,
but not as an excuse to leave
it or get out of anything,
but to be inspired by it,
to willingly then go back
into the black and white.
Right?
The difficulty going,
I can deal with Kansas.
I can even deal with the
old witch on the bicycle.
>> Right?
>> I'll get my dog back.
>> Yeah.
Or the fire's coming.
The fire's coming
here, the unexpected.
The archetypes are showing up.
>> Yep.
>> And I do feel like that's
why the myth for us now is that
the arc that arises from the
fire is not to go somewhere,
but to stabilize this energy.
Not to be against, but think of
a rocket, finally underneath.
Finally let that
be that we honor,
like you, with storytelling.
And all of us that
are trying to say,
at least amongst ourselves,
let's turn to one another
and stop saying they don't
care, because we do care.
And that is also an embrace.
And that's why I would go back.
Anybody seeking communion
to trust their hands,
because it's not their hand.
It's the human hand.
To trust their
breath, their sense
of improvisation and wonder.
And that's why I
created beautiful art,
because I wanted it to be
beautiful before it became
symbolical and meaningful.
That was if people
wanted to go more deeply.
And this is why I do
feel that everything now
is to say, almost like a
lot of Tibetan teaching,
there's nothing personal
in where you're at.
It's wonderful.
So if it's too much, don't
try to take it all in.
>> Yeah.
>> Just enjoy it, what
makes sense to you.
>> Yeah.
>> But if you want to
go deeper, go deeper.
But begin to honor
this sense of--
and this is what the
fires really taught me.
And it's so important,
because it was about miracles.
And that miracles are
not parting the Red Sea.
They're not the
separating of space.
The miracle is
realizing that all of us
are in a larger matrix.
And with the fire,
people were holding us
in their prayers, and all
[INAUDIBLE],, and this.
And I felt the prayers palpably.
I mean, literally,
like my father's death.
It was not poetic.
And in that, there was this
realization that the greatest
truths of who and what we are
cannot be known optically.
They are revealed
in a moment where
you feel angels at your back.
You realize that
what is meaningful
is not meaningful
for oneself alone,
but meaningful for community.
And that's worth defending.
But then you realize, that's
what the community's doing.
They're not here, but
boy, are they here.
Isn't that beautiful?
I mean, that is why
Carl and I-- you
talk about the dark knight,
this journey, this difficulty.
And I know you know
what I'm talking about.
>> I know.
>> You become incredibly
humbled and grateful.
>> Mhm.
Yeah.
>> And I really feel like that's
when we're ready to listen
finally.
I've been trying
to slow you down.
You're going at the
rate of a bullet.
So maybe I'll use a bullet.
[LAUGHS]
Just stop and appreciate.
And just really like even
today, to begin to say,
let's honor the fact that
we show up in a magical life
here together.
Cause I always wanted
to know what genius was.
Genius is oops, and
the capacity to follow
the oops with some intention.
Cause I dropped these cards.
And when I dropped
them, the amazing thing
is they created this, which is
a holographic, double helix DNA
weave, coming from
a painting mirroring
a painting, or a fractal,
holographic, mathematical,
geometrical model
of a holographic DNA
weave coming from a painting.
When people wonder
where the science is,
this is pure science, because
this is essentially not being
imposed on by a Western artist.
This is actually the
revelation of sacred geometry,
because all of the
iteration is the phoenix,
meaning that all qualities
are an iteration of wholeness.
This is a holographic,
mathematical, geometrical model
of the DNA that shows us the
egg, the fire, and the weave.
It also shows us this direction.
Do you see the slit eyes and
the slit mouth of the alien
that we see over and over again?
That's very important,
because these slit eyes
and this slit mouth repeats
over and over again,
as if to tell us that the face
of the alien, or the ancestors,
are actually a
misunderstanding in the nature
of the holographic DNA.
And what we think of as alien
is actually this deeper root
system that is
trying to say, you
must understand now that
all aspects of the one
are contained in the all.
The is pure Pythagoras, because
we would not teach fractions,
because 2/3 of a
dog is a dead dog.
Everything that is of life is
of holistic or whole numbers.
And that's what's
very interesting here
that this is actually the
relationship of the iteration
of the one over and over again
that establishes the DNA.
It's also good news,
because it's telling us
we're not born into time.
We're born into creation,
and that our DNA is
a holographic model.
This also became very
telling, because I
showed you the mandalas.
But let me show you
how they're created.
And, of course,
once I saw that what
was going to reveal itself
was not random qualities,
but actually just as in the
story of the phoenix, bird
of immortality
and rebirth, is it
returns home and builds a nest.
And we can see that
this mandala, this
is a nest and feathers,
just as in this story.
But once the nest was built,
it erupted into flames.
I pulled out the cards, you
see, and it erupts into flames.
And I can't figure out
how you would figure out
how to figure this out,
because it blossoms.
Now, we're being
told in the language
we saw in the film "E.T."
in a mathematical, fractal,
geometrical model of creation
that is told through what?
The act of creation.
This is a painting.
A painting is an act of love.
It's an act of
devotion, of discovery.
It's not something
that's illustrated.
It's something that is
quite literally drawn forth.
So how is this not
telling us that you
are born as creation,
whole and wholly, composed
of this archetypal
structure, that finally,
is going to hold the blossom?
And why this becomes
so imperative
is that we can tilt up
and see the blossom there.
And when we look
around the environment,
if you look into
that room as well,
you'll see that these
mandalas and the DNA show us.
Do you see this relationship?
This is created.
This is created from this,
is created from this.
Now, this is the one
creation, creating iteration,
not in completion, that
holds the structure that
finally blossoms with the
Hopi Indian [INAUDIBLE]..
Our basket weave
and our headdresses
hold the knowledge
of our sacred DNA.
And if you look at this, these
look like Indian baskets.
They look like
Indian headdresses.
And this is Chumash
ceremonial ground.
And I'm convinced that
what is blossoming here
is the story that each of us
enter, not time, but creation,
and that you will unfold
with unique geometry,
and unique beauty, a
unique name in the library,
unique self reflection.
But when we understand that
each of us are woven of the one,
then it's not how
are you incomplete
and I complete, as
much as your geometry.
Show me a universe I cannot
see through the lens of mine.
But together-- and
I really do feel
like this is why this is the
blossoming of the painted cave,
the ancient technology of
the imagination that says,
we didn't want
things done for us.
We wanted to take the journey
of the DNA, this willingness
to hold a structure that
would finally blossom,
but as the painting shows us,
not to blossom as one type,
but to blossom as
infinite types.
>> Here we are in
the magical library.
And I wanted to ask about
a couple more E.T. races.
>> Yeah.
Please.
It fascinates me.
With the librarian going,
oh, interesting book.
I'll be right back.
>> So we've been touching
on the serious energy,
and the seriousness associated
with the snake energy.
>> Yeah.
>> The Kundalini.
>> These wise serpents.
>> The serpents.
The Kundalini.
>> This is all about
Kundalini as well,
which is the goddess Kundalini.
>> But yeah.
And at the same time,
there's Anubis, the dog.
Well, Sirius, the
dog's star, but yet,
talking to some
of the channelers,
and sort of asking
them, what would
they truly feel is the best
animal archetype, or the animal
symbol of the
Sirius star system?
And they say the
serpent, the snake.
>> That's what comes
up on the pharaoh.
Right?
This is the center
of the serpent.
>> And there's different
interpretations.
There's the Western
interpretation of the dragon.
>> Right.
>> That is more destructive
in breathing fire,
and this sort of thing.
And then you have
the eastern version
of this that is more a wisdom
keeper, and all powerful.
Still very destructive,
but different
takes on this serpent idea.
But yet, you see this
in our mythologies,
and indigenous cultures,
and the [INAUDIBLE]..
>> Right.
>> It's everywhere in
our archetypal language
of our reality.
>> [INAUDIBLE] as well.
Yeah.
This is in my
strength archetype.
You'll see it in my wheel
of fortune archetype, which
is the Nagas, the serpents,
the seven headed serpent.
Actually 14-headed.
It's the quality
of the septinary--
do you see-- this energetic.
Actually, the bas
relief in Angkor Wat,
you'll see this great
churning in the sea
of milk of the Nagas, of
this reptilian quality, which
is the sacred reptilian.
It's not what we think of,
in a sense the translation
in a rather limited sense.
>> Right.
Right.
It's the human experience.
You can't skip a step.
>> Yeah.
>> Like all of this has to
happen in a specific manner.
Like I said-- I think
I said this off camera,
but I came here in 2011
blown away by your work.
Maybe it was 2010, '11ish.
But a lot of it was
whoosh, over my head.
And I couldn't grasp.
>> It's a lot to take in.
[LAUGHS]
>> It's a lot.
>> I understand that.
>> And I was fascinated.
And I was intrigued.
And I would come to the events.
And I would come
up for the tours,
and every time just get nuggets.
You know, the story of Lilith.
I have a unique
relationship with that story
that I'll tell you
off camera later.
[LAUGHING]
>> Do tell.
>> You can't make this stuff up.
>> No.
It's better than making it up.
>> But you have to go through
these steps to really embrace
it, to understand it.
And there is no skipping.
There are no shortcuts.
And I'm really finding
that through this journey,
and then acknowledging.
And when you can sort
of settle into that,
you can settle into this is all
the way it's supposed to be.
This is all unfolding
just perfectly.
And then you can laugh at it.
You can laugh at getting shot
five minutes after getting
shot.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You prepared the ground for
that not to be the definition,
but for the trigger
of a new evolution.
>> Yes.
>> And it's interesting,
because you reminded me.
I created a grail seal
for my book on the Tarot,
meaning everything is sealed.
But quoting Gerta, who
says [NON-ENGLISH],,
which in Latin means, nature
does not grow in leaps.
And so going back to really
the 1700s, this realization
that in nature, in
the seed, in the plant
is this repeating quality
that finally reveals
how the quality
of evolution leads
to the blossoming
of the organism.
Do you know?
And I think that that's what
we're getting at, is that there
is this seasonal shift now.
And a lot of this
seasonal shift,
if you think of it
being this nature
doesn't grow in leaps
that there is a time that
prepares us to finally open.
This is one of the
things that I realized
what is really wonderful
here is I can finally say,
do you realize none of
these drawings-- they were
all one after another, and the
same thing with the paintings.
There was no way
to put it together
until it had all been drawn
forth, until finally all
of its component parts said,
ah, now that we're here,
let's have a
conversation, because we
needed to show up in
parts so, finally, you
could put it together in
a larger, coherent state.
And I think everything is
this question of an operating
system that says, can
I create a pattern?
And this is what I think is very
intriguing about the archetypes
and my work below in
my father's studio
is that in the black
and white structure,
we've created a piano.
We've created the
truth like Shakespeare,
that this is always
the archetypal theater
of the psyche.
We are composed of all
of these characters,
whether we like them or not.
They're still part of
who and what we are.
But that wheel then holds,
as I say, this ascension that
holds the domestic,
meaning I have
to love this to stand in the
center of it, to find myself.
Then I use my, essentially
this deeper foundation
to hold my imagination in
honor of serving those I love.
Do you see?
So it's not using it to escape,
but to finally really return.
And I think that that might
be the truth of the etiquette
of all of these qualities.
And you were going to
bring up two other races.
So what were those?
>> We did Pleiadian.
We did Zeta.
We sort of touched a little
bit on the Vega and Lyran,
coming from the serpent,
and the lion energy.
So now, the Orion energy, and
sort of the idea behind that
keeps coming up over
and over from all
of these conversations,
and maybe you've even
heard this, the Orion wars.
So Orion is sort of
the "Star Wars" Story,
from Joseph Campbell, but
also from George Lucas, who
borrowed from
Joseph Campbell, and
this great galactic,
intergalactic millennias
of wars, fighting, and
all these different races.
>> We came through
Mars in our chart.
Right?
>> Right.
And all these-- and supposedly
from the channelings,
we're still processing
remnants of this Orion
conflict that they all say
through the channelings
that that conflict
is over in there.
So if we were to go into that
space-time continuum right now,
that's no longer happening.
But karmically,
we're still dealing
with some of the remnants of
these warring civilizations.
And that's part of
our sort of makeup.
And well, if you break
time into the holographic,
and there is no time.
So there is still some--
that's a part of our history.
>> Sooner or later [INAUDIBLE].
>> That has happened.
It happened.
It's happening, however.
But a lot of these remnants
of our own conflicts
here come from this Orion story.
>> Mhm.
>> If you think of in the
king's chamber in the pyramid,
that the king's chamber
aligns with Orion.
>> Right.
>> And the queen's with Sirius.
And it's very intriguing to
think that the king and queen.
Right?
>> Right.
>> And this story of Mars.
I mean, this is why it's very
interesting that the Trump
Tower was elected, and the
fire reaches here two years
from the election.
Do you know?
In a way, it's this
story of the war
within the self, the war of
neighbor against neighbor,
planet against planet that it
starts in a large cosmic sense.
And it's very true
that if we start
to realize that like our body,
that all of these qualities
are co-eternal, meaning
that some are warlike,
and that was the
point of putting all
these conditions
into us to find,
in a way, a deeper resolution
that wasn't one or the other.
And this is why I do think that
if you think of the pyramid
as being that great initiation
of the mother, which
is the unfinished, meaning
growing from the roots,
to the father, this
connection to Orion.
And it's Isis and Osiris.
So it's Osiris which
is, in the myth,
the relationship to
the God consciousness.
And if you think of
being and knowing,
that the question would be,
well, how do you dissolve that?
Like spermanovum, how do you
dissolve this Osirian knowing?
How do you take this quality of
Orion, do you see, and turn it?
Doing it in a way,
dissolve the conflict.
And that's what's intriguing,
to think that even the phallus
that Isis can't find once
Osiris is cut into parts,
she can't find it's phallus.
And that always intrigued
me, because it was this truth
that the fertility quality
of this once god like knowing
would destroy the fabric
and agreement of time-space.
It knows too much.
So it has to dissolve itself
into the fabric of time
and space, to
become, in a sense,
the sap of that quality
of time and space.
And what intrigues me now is
to think about Orion and Sirius
as this great magus
and high priestess,
meaning this
greater mystery that
does reveal, as Mars
is revealing to us now,
that, yes, as Rudolf Steiner
pointed out in his book
on cosmic origins, that Mars,
that all of the planets--
and you think of layering the
psyche, right, the limbic, all
that-- that literally,
the planets incarnate.
They awaken, holding different
qualities and conditions.
Theosophy talks about the lunar
petries and the solar petries,
meaning these qualities
of rounds and races,
that our body is actually
what the Egyptians would
call the ka.
It's in a sheathing
process that finally holds
all of these conditions,
and recognizes itself
as the aggregate of
them, and therefore,
is able to find its center,
no longer, in a way, looking
for something that
it thinks it's not.
>> Mhm.
>> So that's why much of this
I think is a type of, again,
pulling us back.
>> Right.
>> To stand, as
in ancient Egypt.
Because the point of pharaoh
and the upper and lower
Nile was why the four wives?
The four directions?
As we grow from the
mother of the wind,
of the Earth, and
the sea, do you
know that we have to honor
her in all of her conditions,
because this is mother, Gaia.
And she is our body.
She is matter, mater, mother.
So as pharaoh grows, he doesn't
grow from the top down, right?
He finally stands
erect, continually going
from these roots of
honor, to realize
that this greater
opening, in a sense,
into this other knowledge
is not to take him away,
but to actually fill with
a sense of, do you see?
Now, you translate as
Egypt greater wisdom,
which allows that which
cannot be here with you,
but where your brethren to
create a symbolical structure
that allows for what we
called celestial [INAUDIBLE]..
>> Celestial?
>> Celestial [INAUDIBLE],,
meaning the magic of the stars.
And all of our
ancient sites-- this
is why you see Orion
and the pyramids--
why they're all connected is
that those were amplifiers.
And they are a different
quality of consciousness,
which was about
alignment, which was
about this pyramidal
consciousness rising up
to see itself as all of this.
But then you think of the
collapse of the pharaonic.
Right?
Going with Moses.
We're going away from Egypt.
It's a very fascinating
thing to think
that there's going to be a
collapse of this knowledge,
to finally put it
back into the soil
so that we go on a very long
quest to rebuild ourselves,
because we can't remember
this old alignment.
In a way, we've changed
our head, as I say.
We've literally
created a smaller form.
>> Right.
>> And I think this is what we
have to really see is that what
we are is this a remarkable
challenge of, well,
what if Osiris really does have
to recombine is this greater
Orion knowledge that
if you're based in war,
what are you going
to be dealing with?
Until finally,
peace is resolved.
So maybe, as we try to resolve
the peace within ourselves,
on a holographic
level, we're also
creating a greater
peace in Orion.
Do you know?
As if the perturbation that
we feel is a type of harmonic
harp.
You know?
>> Yeah.
I mean, the ETs have said
this in the interviews,
that what we're doing here on
this planet as far as honoring
their neighbor-- if we're
fighting with our neighbor,
that reflects the ripples
of the space-time continuum.
>> Yeah.
It shows our character.
>> That's wars in the
Orion star system.
>> Absolutely.
>> If we can resolve that, then
literally it's not that these
wars stop on these
higher levels.
They still are happening
to a certain extent.
But then they can recognize,
look at this microcosm.
They figured it out.
And that's what part of
this holographic simulation
is for, created by us, them.
>> Yes.
>> And then they can see,
oh, they did it that way.
OK.
And then now, we can learn
from these micro beings
in this small reality
called planet Earth.
If they figured it
out that way, then we
can incorporate that into
our intergalactic wars,
and then sort of
use that energy,
use whatever it was
that we were able to hug
our neighbor in that
time of conflict
and become closer, which then
dissipates and transmutes
to that war that's happening on
the other side of the galaxy.
>> I really do.
I feel like that's, if
you think of ourselves,
even what we think of as God as
the overlooked artist, meaning
all I'm asking is for you
to pay a little attention,
that this isn't personal.
It's the quality of, you are
given this remarkable creation.
It is filled with the conflicts
of that which is unresolved.
You're filled with universes
that have succeeded and failed.
And they are going
on simultaneously.
And like rings in a
tree, you can't go back
to the 16th century ring.
It is.
>> Right.
>> But you can see you're
part of a living tree,
that as you create context,
is no longer keeping the tree
in conflict with
its environment,
thinking it has an
old war to fight.
>> Right.
>> Do you know?
And I feel like that's
when the aura goes, yeah,
now you're getting it.
Now, you're starting
to let go of these old,
in a way, tools of
self-deception that
kept you alone long enough
to reclaim as a human,
I no longer need this.
I will use my fire differently.
>> Yes.
>> I choose.
No longer a cosmology of high
priests saying you must choose.
No longer a religion
saying if you don't, you're
going to hell.
>> Right.
>> But finally, this sense
of the humans saying,
I can honor all
of those beliefs.
But I don't need
to believe them.
I need to honor them.
>> Yes.
>> Therefore, I'll honor
them in the library.
And I'll find them
inspiring, because I
don't have to defend them.
>> Yes.
>> Then I can look at this
way of seeing the world,
like is it voodoo?
Not to say, well, that's wrong,
but to say how interesting?
>> Yeah.
>> That to be human is
to see through this lens,
this too opens universes.
>> Mhm.
>> Not the ones I
like or don't like.
This is what I found
about art is that we
have to transcend our opinion.
We have to transcend our tastes.
>> Yes.
>> And to see that the great
emancipation is not in what we
like, but in the larger vision
of all of these things are
possible.
And to me, that's
when the body comes
back together as a generous
atomic force going, yeah.
You're not rejecting these atoms
thinking they're the bad ones.
>> Right.
>> And that brings us
back to universal Adam.
And going back to an earlier
part of our conversation,
in my third book, "Adam Reborn
and Eve Restored," which
came from painting Eve on a
pillar, universal Adam says,
"I called you children forth
from vistas of vast knowing
to heal my ailing worlds."
Do you see that
sense of that there
is this drawing forth of a very
different vista of perception.
And I think that's probably a
lot of what's happening here
with the ones that are
interested in these things is
it's to create new contexts, but
also a new agreement about how
we access, not like scientists.
Because that's the people.
In a sense, it's good,
because you build the piano.
But almost like musicians
coming together and going,
I'm so glad the instruments have
been constructed, because yours
are different from
mine, but you're
on the same page with me.
So if we trust that difference,
I believe in the mid ground,
the greater relevance of all
these things has a place to be.
So long as we're actors in a
monologue saying I'm alone,
rather than family
members saying, let's
leave the politics and hatred,
the fighting over religion
outside, and say what's
going to heal us tonight?
Because if we're
inspired, then, in a way,
we dissolve our anger, and
not by being more angry,
but by beginning to
draw attention to,
I like this conversation better.
And I believe that's
a quantum agreement.
I don't think it's
in the outer world.
>> Yeah.
I agree.
>> I think it's the heart
saying, you know what?
I'm exhausted.
>> Yeah.
>> If you need to fight
me, go out and fight.
I'm too old.
I mean, I mean that
on a lot of levels.
>> Yeah.
>> I can't do this.
I can't entertain
the notion that there
is some smarter person,
some better way.
>> Mhm.
>> And that's what
the library does.
I think that all of this,
the ancestors, the Chumash,
the mother, the father
rise up and say, yeah.
You are remarkable.
And you're woven of
the unimaginable.
Stop thinking you're
this when you're this.
>> Well, that was just
coming from Guatemala,
and interviewing
Tata, the Mayan elder.
That's sort of his main message
is, we're all one people.
Unity through diversity.
We all can have
our unique beliefs.
And we need to honor that.
And by honoring that, that's
where we come together.
>> Yes.
>> And that is also the same
ET message that keeps coming
through these channelings
is unity through diversity.
>> Yeah.
>> By honoring every
religion, every belief system,
every archetype, that that is
the glue that will bring us
together.
That's sort of the
unconditional love
of non judgment
of the mother love
that embraces this
entire reality.
She doesn't judge.
She allows all things
to seed and to grow.
And whatever our judgments
are, it doesn't matter.
It's there.
It exists.
How can you deny that?
So to unconditionally
love, to honor all creation
is the glue that will
bring us all together.
>> Absolutely.
And that is what
will bring us home,
because the mother of creation
is the mother of all of us.
And it's that relevance
that finally says,
I include all of this,
not to contain it,
but to finally embrace it with
that which can't be contained,
but finally, shared
in the sense that I
honor the wholeness of your
story, and you honor mine.
And together, that's how
we change everything.
>> Yep.
Beautiful.
In the Egyptian temple,
you said there's--
>> Yes.
The Orion.
>> Orion stands
for the masculine?
>> Yes.
Yes.
Exactly.
>> And then Sirius
is the feminine.
>> Yes.
And the feminine.
And that's why the
serpent, that went through
with Apollo and Alexander was
transformed from the mother
serpent.
Do you see?
And even you'd say the
serpent falling on its belly
is when it moves from being
the mother serpent to being
the father serpent.
It's taken over.
And that's part of this
shift in, in a sense,
our self perception and our
perception of our relationship
to the stars.
>> So it's fascinating, cause
I'm getting from the ETs that
humanity was this sort of
funneling from the Lyran,
Vegan lineage into Orion,
Sirius, with the Pleiadians,
Zetan, and coming down,
funneling into Mars,
and then Mars then
coming into the Earth.
And it's even said in
some conversations I've
had that after
Mars was destroyed,
the civilization
of Mars, then we
started reincarnating
on Earth to finish out
those karmic cycles.
And Atlantis.
And that's why we
had the destruction
and fall of Atlantis was still
in that energy of Orion, Mars,
over masculine energy.
>> Yes.
Well, and this is
very important,
because the study
of esoteric doctrine
teaches that that's
exactly what happens.
In other words, that we
have bodies within bodies,
within bodies, and
that they really
are the outcome and the
orchestration of all
of these different--
it's like in Egypt
where when there
was a burial, we saw
that there wasn't
just one sarcophagus.
There were sarcophagi
inside of one another,
because these were
about the truth
that the body that we exist
in in the material, outer form
is actually all these different
rings in a tree, qualities
or conditions of a
greater energetic body.
So you'd say in this
outer ring, there's
a certain form of communication.
And we are connected
to a certain dynamic.
But the idea is that as we
merge into the deeper and deeper
energetic states, we
begin to realize that,
oh, in this energetic body
is where this communion
or communication takes place.
But it's taking
place in reference
to all of these bodies.
In a way, it's going to be
translated to the outer bark.
It's going to be translated
into that which interfaces
with the outer world.
And much of the inner bodies,
so to speak, aren't in time.
They are in imagination.
They're not existing
in the way we
think things exist in duration.
And if you think of our
lens more alchemically,
we'll begin to realize
that it's never that we
change these properties.
We begin to, over
and over again,
realize that there are layers.
There are qualities, and
that part of our knowledge
now is to understand,
as with Sirius--
let's say Newt, the sky
goddess, and Geb, her consort--
this story that the vault of
heaven, the oneness, the stars,
the great mother who
is the mother of all
creates the vault. Do you see?
The womb.
And Geb we see falling
backward, squaring the circle.
He's creating the right angle.
Because Geb has his arm up.
Do you see?
A right angle to her fullness.
So it's this truth,
as Pythagoras
said, god geometrizes.
But we forgot to ask.
And Pythagoras,
who was an initiate
of the ancient Egyptians
would have said,
you have to ask what
God geometrizes.
Why the right angle?
>> Right.
>> God geometrizes the
fullness of absolute oneness,
of universality.
The falling backward of Geb--
in a sense, the dance of the
falling backward into time
is this turning toward
the horizon line
of essentially the
event horizon, what
we are bringing our story to.
So the relationship
of these qualities
was to translate the
heavenly fullness
through squaring the circle.
And with that squaring of the
circle, think of a right angle.
Right?
>> Right.
>> It slows down the light.
You begin to create sequence.
And as the mandalas
teach here, you
start to see how one
completeness creates
the next context.
So you're not ever dealing
with incompleteness.
You're dealing with a
deeper fractal mathematical,
geometrical.
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> That as we square the
circle, we realize that--
and there's a wonderful
alchemical image.
And actually, in my
empress archetype,
I quote it, which is the
square holding the circle,
holding the triangle,
holding the circle.
What this is talking
about is the square,
the structure, the dynamics.
The matrix holds the universe.
In other words, that a greater
structure holds eternity.
And from eternity, we
have the triangulation.
In the Tarot it would be we have
the magus, the high priestess,
and the empress.
And you might look at
these also as star people,
meaning that I think the
high priestess in the Tarot
has a great deal
to do with Sirius.
Because she is the dark
matter, mater, mother.
She is the pupil of the eye,
that which cannot be seen.
Nor can she be betrayed, because
she is not in the optics.
This is where Lilith comes
from, Kali, these qualities
of the dark feminine that devour
narcissism, that essentially
will not, as this
vast, dark ocean,
allow a type of unnaturalness.
That's why it's very interesting
in the above, where Newt
appears in this
story, at her heart
is an infant, meaning that
isn't human innocence, where
we are not deciding what
we were for or against.
But when we finally hold
ourselves in context,
you see, that these greater
energies don't devour us.
And that's why she's
a very powerful--
you think of the
mother of the universe.
Right?
The dark matter, mater, mother.
She's not interested
in how you're feeling.
It's that you will emerge
from within the context of how
you honor me.
What questions do you ask?
And I will take you through a
journey, like being shot at,
or fire, to begin to strip
away all of your sense
that it's a type of lesson.
It's actually
encounters in our life
that reach a point where
we are ready for them.
>> So finally, this funnel that
comes in from these lineages,
from these cosmic
space archetypes,
as well as all of
these other archetypes,
it seems to funnel
into planet Earth.
And then what we see now
in our cosmic space lore
is the hybrid children.
And I mentioned this
yesterday, or earlier we
were doing a sound
bowl meditation here.
And I felt this
tugging on my pants.
>> Mhm.
>> And I was like what is that?
And the first thing that
comes to my mind, which
I like to go to as my default
for truth, hybrid children.
They were saying,
don't forget us.
Don't forget us.
Cause I was thinking
about the interview,
which races I'm going to cover.
And so it's the symbology of
the children in this lore that's
being set up in my series.
It's mostly a race created by
the Zetas, hybrid human Zetas.
But they also say
there's Pleiadian.
There's a mix of all these
other races in there.
And there's people
all over the planet.
Mothers seem to be the
first ones, but fathers too.
The mothers seem to be
a little more in tune
and are having
these conversations.
I've interviewed--
I have episodes
about mothers who
are in communication
with their hybrid children.
And all of the ETs
that I've talked
to, all of the channeled
material that I've talked to,
every time I mention the hybrid
children they're like, oh, yes.
That's the reality.
Even though these people
don't know each other,
this hybrid children theme
is a big theme in all this.
And they sort of say, this
is where we're headed.
This is the next
phase in our evolution
is these children are going
to be the first ambassadors
to this new Earth.
>> Mhm.
>> And the stories
that are being told is,
why the children is because if
it was just some space being
to come down here in
a ship or something--
we're sort of used
to that idea--
then we would probably
blast them out of the sky,
or try to dissect
them or something.
But if it's our actual
physical children,
if these children
are born from--
not necessarily born from
us, or told that they're --
they may come down
in spacecraft.
But then they're told,
this is your child.
This child has your DNA.
Take a DNA test, and this
child comes from your blood.
And the mothers are
feeling this connection.
They're going to be less
likely to give that child up
to be dissected.
>> No.
That even goes back
to religious texts,
about, in a way, the mother
and the angelic union.
That goes back into
all of our texts.
It's not new.
>> Right.
OK.
>> And the more you study
really ancient doctrine,
you realize that
this conversation
of the hybridization
of a species,
meaning that you can't just
shoot it up and change it.
You have to grow it from Gaia.
>> Right.
>> That's the key is it's the
inseminating of, in a sense,
the egg of Gaia, that finally
she grows her children,
who are the outcome of
this great evolution.
Meaning that if we
begin to understand
that the DNA that
will reveal finally
that it is the
triumph of the womb
that we're conditioned to
buy, meaning that we now,
through the womb, are able
to hold all of these systems.
Now, because we are,
essentially we're
able to draw forth qualities of
our own greater consciousness
that really are from
vistas of perception
and being that, in
a way, can show up,
because the transformation
of the human story
is when we're not telling
a story about leaving,
but about staying.
Understanding
ourselves as flowers,
no longer trying to
say this is the end.
But no.
This compression leads to this.
Do you see?
Once we start to
open, the blossoming.
Even look at Renaissance.
You'd say, what is
it that shows up
when we start to trust our
greater sense that together,
by sharing story, we animate
the possibility of such a thing?
That's why I do feel that--
my granddaughter was born
right after the fires.
Right?
>> Yeah.
>> Nine days.
My daughter is in anguish
with nine months pregnant.
There's this trial by fire.
She nearly dies during giving
birth, but she is born.
Laten Phoenix, my granddaughter,
is born nine days later
when the roads open up, and
we're able to get there.
But again, a traumatic birth.
So everything is telling
us the same story,
that we are in a time of
ordeal and great trauma.
But that that's not the key.
It's that through this
ordeal and trauma,
we will come out the
other side realizing,
yes, we are on the news.
We cannot stand
against a tsunami.
We cannot challenge the stars.
And our opinion
doesn't matter a damn.
I really do feel like
it brings us back to,
I shouldn't even care
about my opinion.
Do you know?
I should be more curious than to
have to defend a point of view.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And this is why I do
feel that the Aquarian from
the Piscian.
The Piscian model
was parental, child.
Authority will tell you
what you need to do.
And if you are obedient, and
you give back to authority,
you will be rewarded.
You'll be able to find
yourself in relationship
to how you are in relationship
to that authority.
But it will all be
outward, because this
is a parental structure.
The father always
treating you to the sense
of the law, not the empathy.
And you have to look at this
as a developmental stage that
taught us the structure,
taught us the form.
This is Hermes saying,
as above, so below.
Because the mother
goddess says, well,
why do you want to leave me?
And he says, we can't
develop the instrument.
We'll always be present in love.
But unless we take
the adventure,
as Jung would say,
into the basement,
into the unconscious, and the
adventure of the imagination,
and understand these
things will draw us apart
for a very long time,
until we come full circle,
like the Tarot,
like the mandala,
and understand that
we are the outcome
finally to honor the children.
Because it's very
interesting that the infant,
the child is so
much a part of this.
The mother as well.
Because it's not me.
It's this deeper story
that we have forgotten
the greatest daring and honor
is our willingness to be born,
and that the chalice in here
is over the spines of all
the books of religion,
as if to say,
you couldn't understand
the grail of wisdom
and of the human heart until
you saw it on the spines of all
of your traditions.
So that you say, I honor
Judaism, Christianity, Islam,
ancient Egypt, because I realize
there's a wisdom to each.
None are wrong.
They're all asking
the same question.
>> Yeah.
>> And we had to do it in
a way to defend ourselves,
I'm convinced, until we
could finally come back
to the library, come back
to the genetic structure,
and understand that, in
the same way the pancreas
doesn't understand the kidneys,
the kidneys, the heart,
in the deeper flow of the blood
they all recognize one another,
because they're all nourished
by the same quality.
And once we see
that, I really do
feel like that's when
the sap of consciousness
starts coming back
into our perception,
and we start, in a
way, allowing the flow
to come back into ourself.
We've put all the
pieces together.
And now it's, how
do we connect it
so the energy can
flow through us?
Because we've built
all the parts.
And that's, I think,
our great quest now.
>> And the children is the
reassemblage of all the parts.
>> Because children-- and this
is something very important.
We were taught the inner child,
but it is human innocence.
This is the gift of the gods.
I give you the gift
of non remembering.
You will no longer be able
to remember your story.
But I give you the
gift of innocence.
In not knowing, you
will have the foolhardy
daring to try and figure it out.
And then finally, you'll
take all of these journeys
of what does it
mean to be human?
And they'll all be warring,
and this and that, til finally
you come home as family, and
as a father, as a mother.
Say, you know what?
It's about love.
It's about what the children
are finally bringing.
They're the story.
Do you know?
In a sense, their
wonder is the story.
And if we celebrate by doing
this, then they start to say,
look up at the stars again.
We haven't forgotten that
they're the things of wonder
yet.
And think of a whole
generation coming and going,
you know what?
You guys are exhausted.
You battled your
way to the door.
Now you're exchanging
a sword for a lantern.
And we'll show you the way.
There's light here.
>> Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Thank you, Lee.
This has been an amazing,
amazing conversation on so many
levels, beyond cosmic.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> I don't know if
there's a word for it.
>> I kind of feel like that's--
this is the conversation,
where channeling becomes the
opening of the doors, that,
like acting, begin to
trust, yeah, of course.
Think about it.
If I threw you a
couple of characters,
you'd be able to jump into them.
Do you know?
In other words, I think that
this is the delight now.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's have more fun.
>> Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I'm laughing.
I'm laughing at getting
shot, laughing at the fire.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Bringing back the
innocence, this is it.
>> Yeah.
And I think that's
the key is we finally
understand this is something
worthy of our protection.
That's what the grail
was, if we think about it.
The grail was that
ideal in the human heart
that we need to defend,
because it doesn't
want to prove something to us.
It wants us to prove
something to ourselves.
>> Absolutely.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Can I give you a hug?
>> Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah.
Thank you.
In the story of the
hieroglyph of the human soul,
this journey that
across the ages
we've been asking
over and over again,
what does it mean to be human?
And we couldn't know the
answer until we had established
that question across vast
amounts of time and contexts
so that finally we would
be given the gift that
says, as you enter
this and I enter this,
as Daniel enters this, as
another person enters this,
it really is as the
function of a cosmic womb,
saying I want to remind you
that no matter what Lee says,
it's his story.
Like the Tarot.
Right?
I might tell you what
this and the other thing.
>> Right.
>> But let that be
a jumping off point,
because it wants
to talk with you.
It doesn't want
me to talk for it.
It wants, essentially,
almost you'd say,
like one who introduces.
You're much more
interesting than you think.
You're the tool to your own
creative and imaginative
awareness.
And guess what.
You came to this
planet to figure out
how to integrate it
into how you live,
not to be who you are,
but to truly become
that quality that willingly,
over and over again,
steps into the question of
life, brings a book back
to the library because it's
been lived, over and over
again, to realize we're part
of an enormous conversation.
So that's why I'm glad you're
having your conversation.